docs/src/pages/docs/install.en.mdx, before:

# Installation

`@use-funnel` is compatible with various routers. including:

- [react-router](https://reactrouter.com/home)
  - For the [react-router-dom](https://reactrouter.com/upgrading/v6), use `@use-funnel/react-router-dom` package.
- [next.js page router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages)
  - For the [next.js app router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application), use `@use-funnel/browser` package with `ssr: false` option.
- [@react-navigation/native](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/getting-started)
- [browser history](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/History)

## Supported React Version

| React | ^16.8 |
| :---: | :---: |

## Installation

Select the router you want to use and install the corresponding package with the following command:

```shell npm2yarn
npm install @use-funnel/react-router --save
npm install @use-funnel/react-router-dom --save
npm install @use-funnel/next --save
npm install @use-funnel/react-navigation-native --save
npm install @use-funnel/browser --save
```

If the router you need isn't listed or if you prefer to manage history directly, refer to [Creating a Custom Router](/docs/custom-router).

Commit message:

feat(docs): Add App Router usage guide and client-only rendering example for @use-funnel/browser

docs/src/pages/docs/install.en.mdx, after:

# Installation

`@use-funnel` is compatible with various routers. including:

- [react-router](https://reactrouter.com/home)
  - For the [react-router-dom](https://reactrouter.com/upgrading/v6), use `@use-funnel/react-router-dom` package.
- [next.js page router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages)
- [next.js app router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application): use the `@use-funnel/browser` package.  
  A dedicated adapter is not yet available, so refer to the [official guide](https://use-funnel.slash.page/docs/get-started#configuring-the-initial-step) for implementation details.
- [@react-navigation/native](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/getting-started)
- [browser history](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/History)

## Supported React Version

| React | ^16.8 |
| :---: | :---: |

## Installation

Select the router you want to use and install the corresponding package with the following command:

```shell npm2yarn
npm install @use-funnel/react-router --save
npm install @use-funnel/react-router-dom --save
npm install @use-funnel/next --save
npm install @use-funnel/react-navigation-native --save
npm install @use-funnel/browser --save
```

If the router you need isn't listed or if you prefer to manage history directly, refer to [Creating a Custom Router](/docs/custom-router).
